### My Application

The project is generated by [LoopBack](http://loopback.io).

StrongLoop is now IBM API Connect.

* IBM API Connect is a complete solution that addresses all aspects of the API lifecycle, for both on-premises and cloud         environments. It offers comprehensive capabilities to create, run, manage, secure and monetize APIs and microservices.         Delivering an unparalleled, integrated user experience, it enables rapid deployment and simplified administration of APIs.

* Using automated, model-driven tools in IBM API Connect, Developers can easily discover existing APIs and back-end data         sources and create new APIs and microservices based on the popular open-source Node.js Express and LoopBack® frameworks -all   managed from a single unified console.

* In this application you will be introduced to Backend as a Service (BaaS), a recent phenomenon that is overtaking the way web   app and mobile app developers are approaching the server-side support. 

* This application uses BaaS as an alternative to full-fledged in-house server-side implementation.


### Installing Loopback

* At the command prompt, type the following to install Loopback command-line tools globally.

```javascript
     npm install strongloop -g
```

* Make sure to use sudo if you are installing on OS X or Linux machines.

### Scaffolding Out a Loopback Application (if you want to create a New application follow below-mentioned steps)

* At a convenient location on your computer, type the following at the prompt to scaffold out a Loopback application:

```javascript
         slc loopback
```

### Some Basic Loopback Commands

* To create a Loopback model, type the following at the prompt:

```javascript
      slc loopback:model
```

